docs(gatsby-plugin-sass): Update default precision (#16536)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-plugin-sass/README.md

### SASS Precision

> SASS defaults to [10 digits of precision](https://github.com/sass/sass/issues/1122). If this is too low for you (e.g. if you use Bootstrap), you may configure it as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SASS defaults to [10 digits of precision](https://github.com/sass/sass/pull/2297). If this is too low for you (e.g. if you use Bootstrap), you may configure it as follows:
```

Author: Thanks!
